hey guys it's drawn here for land of
Technology and today we're going to have
a look at the otterbox defender case for
the HTC 8x for anyone that knows me I've
had some problems with the eax recently
I found that only around the bottom of
the device and around this area it
scratches quite easily despite the fact
that it's not going to do any sort of a
ruggedized what gore you know strenuous
conditions it does scratch quite easily
so the only combatant that it was the
otterbox defender I could have obviously
went with three of these other cases but
none offer the protection that the
otterbox does so straight away you've
got the belt clip for the case now
literally just set since eight here and
push it flat and the clips in you can
see it's absolutely solid and let's just
walk straight again the otter box itself
has a plastic film or the top a rubber a
case around all the ports ports that
obviously all sealed up just like the
device itself camera space and space for
be speaking on the rear and charging
port and recently all the port calves
are perfect for it so to get the
otterbox a case out it sets and save so
there's a plastic case it's that sense a
proper kiss and all you have two clues
just peeled it up our kids away from the
classic piece and then that will base it
will leave you with the classic Kitsch
open now the plastic case s quick left
hook to open so 11 it doesn't want to
pause the video which is quite exciting
only using one hand at the moment and
just to pick my tripod you've got these
little arrows around back the the case
because you create a lot of them
basically push them in with your thumb
and
hey that's what releasing the case will
try to possible with one hand not going
to be easy i have to tell you what yeah
we're getting there yep so we did get in
the end so we will go ahead and put the
8x and save just take this robotic
religious note with the ex is no and
safe you can see you I'm going to take
the plastic case and you'll place that
on top that's just a kiss off they're
lining up the videos that we just pull
off just the same the ball just pressing
down firmly to make sure that the heart
wall paused you very much the color of
the device disappears we're by a few
minutes and we'll go ahead and put the
rubber keys back over the top so this a
lot as a money what protection as well
and you see we can get this right i'm
using a better way people here because
the lighting conditions are critical
today so yeah keep a nasty video but it
does the job and it shows you is out of
war doing so let's see basically you
have to line up all the rubble edges
with the top of the case otherwise it
doesn't look right in the loose a bit
shoddy so yeah so yeah you can see we
now have the case on top and the
touchscreen still works just as good
maybe take slightly longer press hey but
as you can see the touchscreen does work
just as good and when I feel it
protected so that's the otterbox
defender stay tuned on the website and
you can watch the read the full review
from the next couple of days